ICU-21901 Update build/deploy for icu4jweb (#32)
unicode-org/icu-demos: icu4jweb/README.md

# BUILDING

## Update ICU4J version to get
* Edit pom.xml to choose the version already deployed to Maven Central.

```      <artifactId>icu4j</artifactId>
         <version>71.1</version>
```
* Next, rebuild the demos with the latest ICU4J with this command:
- `mvn package`

# RUNNING WITH [docker](https://docker.io)
Note that this does not rebuild the demos, but just creates a new docker image for running locally.

- `sh build-docker.sh`
- `docker run --rm -p 8083:8080 unicode/icu4jweb:latest`  (^C to stop and delete the container)
- Verify that each demo program works [Run latest docker image](http://127.0.0.1:8083/icu4jweb/).

# Deploy to [public demo](https://icu4j-demos.unicode.org/icu4jweb/)

> To publish the demos, one needs access to the Google Cloud [ICU4C demos project](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/run/deploy/us-central1/icu4jweb?project=icu4c-demos).

Reviewer: I still don't know what pantheon is.  It should be https://console.cloud.google.com to not use an internal Google URL.
```suggestion
To publish the demos, one needs access to the Google Cloud [ICU4C demos project](https://console.cloud.google.com/run/deploy/us-central1/icu4jweb?project=icu4c-demos).
```

- First, make sure that the demos work locally in the previous step.
- Rebuild the docker image, tagging it appropriately.
- Edit build-deploy.sh, replacing "latest" with the release such as "71.1".
- `sh build-deploy.sh`
-- Expect a final line such as:- "Successfully tagged gcr.io/icu4c-demos/icu4jweb:latest"
- Next, authenticate with gcloud:
- `gcloud auth configure-docker`
- Edit push-deploy.sh, replacing "latest" with the tag used in build-deploy.sh.
- Now push the tagged image to the GCloud:
- `sh push-deploy.sh`
- Verify that the push succeeds. Expect a command such as
"71.1: digest: sha256:d00e3bad53511402d4f9376b01cb9c3274f1cf6e75281aabb75e1c6e3f8766e0 size: 1999"

## Managing Docker images in Gcloud

> If necessary, use this link to rename, delete, and otherwise [mangage Docker images](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/gcr/images/icu4c-demos?project=icu4c-demos).

Reviewer: same

Author: Thanks for the comments. Updated

Author: Images are now working.
